# A3-DFB-Diagnosis-Plan

Bugzilla URL: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1532673
### Diagnosis

Describe in English what the issue is, and what the benefit of fixing will bring. What risks are there, if any?
There is a element in the front-end document called safeMode, which has a property called accessKey. In the _delayedStart() method of the file in review, the safeMode element was being accessed to change the value of the accessKey property. However, the assignment statement attempted to set the 'accesskey' property. This misspelling meant that the actual accessKey was never being changed at this point. 

The benefit of this change is that there may be other workflows and use cases that depend on the value of the accessKey property. It is possible that other code is not working as expected due to this mistake. 

The risks are very similar to the benefits, in that there may be other code depending on the value. There is no guarantee that other functions or behaviours will work correctly after this change, if they do not implement the proper checks for the value of the accessKey property. 

### Solution
The bugzilla thread accurately summed up the necessary steps for the solution, including the specific file, method and even line number to modify. I followed the steps outlined there and double checked I was touching the right file, method, and statement. 
### Testing
I know that my change addressed the bug because the necessary steps were clearly outlined in the bugzilla thread itself. 
Additionally, I noticed that accessKey was being used in various parts of the file. I explored these usages to ensure the integrity of the code within the same file.I also ran the required integraton tests before creating the patch to ensure no key functionality was broken due to the change.

### Notes
The bug I was working on was originally open, and I had asked to be assigned to it on bugzilla. You can find me in the comments on the thread. I was working on the fix on mozilla-central instead of gecko-dev (admittedly by mistake), but before I could get a chance to submit a path, the bug got resolved. I decided to continue working on this bug, and find another bug for A4. I made a local commit to mozilla-central and created a patch file according to the assignment specifications. I realized after that I realized I had to work on gecko-dev, I forked and downloaded the repo only to find that the fix was merged, and I could not make the change. I reverted the change and remade the change to simulate the original chain of events. The patch provided is a result of this situation, and the commit log also shows the same.